 You said

LETS SAY IF I BUILD A NEW PROJECT FROM KALI...HOW I SHOULD PUSH IT TO MY GITHUB BY CREATING A NEW REPO?
Gemini said

This is the exact workflow you will use for every new tool you build in your career. Master this loop, and you are a professional developer.

Here is the Standard Protocol for pushing a fresh Kali Linux project to a new GitHub repository.
The 4-Step "Push Protocol"
Phase 1: Build It Locally (Kali)

First, you create the project folder and files on your machine.

    Create the folder:
    Bash

mkdir my-new-tool
cd my-new-tool

Create your script: (e.g., scanner.py)
Bash

touch scanner.py
# (Write your code here...)

Initialize Git: (This turns the folder into a repository)
Bash

git init

Stage and Commit: (Save the current state)
Bash

    git add .
    git commit -m "Initial commit"

Phase 2: Create the "Empty" Repo (GitHub)

You need a place for the code to land.

    Log in to GitHub.com.

    Click the + icon (top right) > New repository.

    Repository name: Give it a cool name (e.g., wifi-dos-attack).

    Select: Public.

    CRITICAL STEP: Do NOT check "Add a README", "Add .gitignore", or "Choose a license".

        Why? If you create these files on GitHub, your remote repo will have files that your local repo doesn't, causing a "conflict" (the dreaded fatal: refusing to merge unrelated histories error).

        Keep it empty.

    Click Create repository.

    Copy the URL: It looks like https://github.com/cedricrog2/wifi-dos-attack.git.

Phase 3: Link and Push (The Bridge)

Now connect your Kali folder to the GitHub server.

    Rename branch to main: (Standard practice)
    Bash

git branch -M main

Add the remote link:
Bash

git remote add origin https://github.com/cedricrog2/YOUR_REPO_NAME.git

Push it up:
Bash

    git push -u origin main

Phase 4: Authentication (The "One-Time" Fix)

It will ask for your Username and Password.

    Username: cedricrog2

    Password: PASTE YOUR TOKEN (ghp_...).

        Note: You can reuse the SAME token for all your repositories. You do not need a new token for every new project.

🚀 Pro Tip: Stop Typing the Token

If you are tired of pasting that long ghp_ token every single time, run this command once in your Kali terminal. It tells Git to remember your credentials forever:
Bash

git config --global credential.helper store

What happens next? The next time you push, it will ask for the token one last time. After that, it will save it in a hidden file, and you will never have to type it again. You can just git push like a wizard.
